Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we are going to create the payment screen.
Now, what we want to do is when we click on this confirm, we want to go to the payment screen.
To do this, we can just create this new file within the minor screens directory.
All right.
We are going to call this payment under the screen and the dot, and we can create this that let's do
that.
And here the needs arise.
We can convert it to a stateful widgets payment screen and via a light and use control node.
Okay.
And for now we can just say color and this is going to be colors.
The sign is control and save.
And back to the place order screen is controller and B and where we have this.
Not Syria, but then we can then say now they get their.
Navigate the dirt of contest that push.
Or you can just go ahead and say, my navigator, that push and now we need to pass the material page.
Page root and.
Comcast.
Okay.
And basically, we want to return the payment screen.
Pittman's got another prediction and use culture and that's to save.
And.
Okay.
And now we just have to click on this.
Okay, Cisco.
And what we can also do is.
We can get rid of this.
And in order to have access to a lot of property, we can then return a scaffold which which is basically
going to give us that wide background and a lots of properties.
We have access to property like Harbour.
Harbour.
Okay.
All right.
We need this.
Use control and save.
And I think you already know how it's going to look like, right?
Okay.
And we can change this color.
You can see currently this black powder is white and we can change the background color to have the
colors of whites.
And definitely we are not going to be able to see that higher anymore since the harbor has a background
color of whites.
So we can also specify our content and this is going to be icon pane.
I contain data.
I can't paint better.
And within the high quantum AI quantum data, it has the property known as color.
And for the color we can see colors.
The black oak.
In.
Go check this out.
Look, you can see currently it has a background of white and.
We can't see that icon anymore.
This is now of color.
Of color.
Black.
Sorry.
And we could also get rid of that elevation by saying the elevation is equal to zero.
Okay.
Great.
And it's going to match with this background.
Sims could.